Then I can only be rude to you.
How do you want to be rude?
Mr. Lu, why are you here?
Huang Xue, you are trying to prevent me from using my company's power for personal gain.
Mr. Lu, isn’t this all a misunderstanding? A misunderstanding!
You said it was a misunderstanding about what happened tonight.
Manager Huang, your connections are really strong.
Give me big black eyes.
Lu Yinglong. Sir, Lu Yinglong.
As for Lu Ying, I will leave it to the media management for notification.
The president of Lushi Group started to fire Huang Xue and Zhang Jiji today.
Yanfeng merchants throughout the bank.
It's all you, it's all you, you are nothing to be angry about.
You called me and I owe you
section please
Please, please kneel down
My company
I will be ten years tomorrow
The upper month is old and the lower month is small
Can't step out of me
section please please please
It was so easy to get this job
I can't not open it
I ask you to come to me once from afar